Move hashing to worker thread (#7)
sindresorhus/crypto-hash: readme.md

Returns a `Promise<string>` with a hex-encoded hash.

> *In Node.js operation is executed using [`worker_threads`](https://nodejs.org/api/worker_threads.html), one thread is lazily spawned on first operation and lives till the end of program execution(`unref`ed, so won't hold process alive).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*In Node.js 12 or later, the operation is executed using [`worker_threads`](https://nodejs.org/api/worker_threads.html). A thread is lazily spawned on the first operation and lives until the end of the program execution. It's `unref`ed, so it won't keep the process alive.*
```
